📝 Microsoft Teams - add important notes to README (#20484)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/Integrations/MicrosoftTeams/README.md

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/b222375925eb13feaaa28cd8b1c814b4d212f2e4/Integrations/MicrosoftTeams/doc_files/MicrosoftTeamsProtocalDiagram.png)

## Important Information

>  - The messaging endpoint must be either the URL of the Cortex XSOAR server, including the configured port, or the proxy that redirects the messages received from Teams to the Cortex XSOAR server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The messaging endpoint must be one of the following:
 	- the URL of the Cortex XSOAR server, including the configured port
 	- the Cortex XSOAR rerouting URL that you've defined for your Microsoft Teams instance (see the [Using Cortex XSOAR rerouting](#1-using-cortex-xsoar-rerouting) section for more details)
 	- or a proxy that redirects the messages received from Teams to the Cortex XSOAR server (see the [Using NGINX as reverse proxy](#2-using-nginx-as-reverse-proxy) section for more details)
```

     ...
     -----END PRIVATE KEY-----
    ```
 - You must not set a certificate and/or private key if you are using the Cortex XSOAR rerouting setup.
 - Microsoft does not support self-signed certificates and requires a chain-trusted certificate issued by a trusted CA.

>  In order to verify which certificate is used, run the following (replace <MESSAGING-ENDPOINT> with the messaging endpoint):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 In order to verify which certificate is used, run the following (replace \<MESSAGING-ENDPOINT> with the messaging endpoint):
```
